Moving on to Cognito this is about a enabling Sign Up Sign in an access control for web and mobile
applications. So it provides authentication, authorization, and user management for web and mobile
apps.
Users can sign in directly with a username a password or using a third party provider such as Facebook
Amazon or Google.
The two main components are user pools and identity pools. So a user pool is a directory that provides
the sign up and sign in options for the application users.
The identity pools enable you to grant users access to a AWS services you can use them together or separately
called meto works with external identity providers that support simple or open I.D. connect social identity
providers such as Facebook Twitter and Amazon incognito.
Identity pools provides temporary security credentials to access your apps back in resources in AWS.
So with Cognito you're getting temporary security credentials to access application resources
in AWS and also behind API gateway.
We're now moving on to the key management service so this is a managed service that enables you to easily
encrypt data so it's a highly available key storage management and auditing platform for you to use
and encrypt your data within your applications and you're able to control the encryption of data that
stored across AWS. With KMS you can centrally manage and securely store the keys and they're
also known as customer master keys or CMKs. You can generate the same keys in KMS you can also
do so in cloudHSM or you can import them from your own key management infrastructure on premise. The
master keys in KMS are protected by hardware security modules and we'll see cloudHSM is also an
implementation of a hardware security module.
The difference is or one of the differences is that KMS is more of a sort of managed multi tenant solution
whereas cloudHSM is a dedicated solution.
We'll see that in a minute.
You can submit data directly to KMS must be encrypted or decrypted using the master keys and you can also
set usage policy on the keys that determine which users can use them to encrypt and decrypt data and
under which conditions. So cloudHSM is a hardware security module as well.
But this is a dedicated device for you so it's single tenant so you might use this because you have
some kind of corporate contractual or regulatory compliance requirements that dictate that you need
to have that single tenant solution that's hardware based for storing your cryptographic keys.
So in HSM provides a secure key storage and cryptographic operations in a tamper resistant hardware
device they're designed to security store your cryptographic key material and use the key material without
ever exposing it outside the cryptographic boundary of the hardware itself.
You can use this for lots of use cases such as you know whatever encryption database encryption, digital
rights management, public key infrastructure, authentication and authorization documents, signing and transaction
processing.
So let's look at cloudHSM versus KMS.
So again cloudHSM is a single tenant HSM and KMS is multi tenant.
Another key thing to note here is that the root of trust is customer managed with cloudHSM and it's
AWS managed with KMS and the security FIPSv140-2 specification, cloudHSM has level
three, KMS Level 2, and in some areas level three and cloudHSM might be used for more third party support
whereas KMS is definitely designed to be worked to be used in the AWS ecosystem with broad AWS service
support. Services we're going to cover now are AWS WAF and Shield.
So we've got the Web Application Firewall and AWS Shield and these help protect resources from web
exploits and the DDOS attacks so Web Application Firewall helps protect web applications from exploits.
Shield provides Distributed Denial of Service attack prevention and you can get 24/7 support from their
DDoS response team and is tightly integrated into cloudfront and application load balancer. If you
use WAF the rules run in the edge locations located around the world.
Shield is about managed distributed denial of service so it's preventing attacks or mitigating attacks
that might come your way that's DDOS attacks.
It provides always on detection and automatic inline mitigations to minimize that downtime and latency.
With Shield
there are two tiers.
There's the standard and advanced. So standard
everybody benefits from the standard and it gives you a sort of minimum set of features advanced provides
much higher levels of protection but it also costs more money as well.
So that's it for this exam cram and this is the last exam cram of the course as well.
So I hope you've got lots of value from these and really it was just about bringing some more that information
that you need to go and read into the course.
As much in the course as possible.
Hopefully that's given you some really valuable information to help you prepare for your exam.
And please do go and have a look in the training notes and the e-book as well.
And it's also always worth having a look on the AWS Web site looking at the FAQs and just making
sure if there's any weaknesses in your skill set that you go and identify what those are and then try
and do a bit of extra study on those areas.